# Career Reflection Memo

**Name:** Abigail Sidle  
**Course:** BUS-313  
**Date:** December 3, 2025  

## Introduction
My name is Abigail Sidle, a junior pursuing a Business Management major. Some of my interests are reading, playing video games, and skateboarding. In this memo, I intend to reflect on my career journey thus far and discuss my current goals for my future trajectory.

## Career Objectives
Beginning mid-September 2022, I was hired as a curbie for HEB (a grocery store in Texas). It was a lowest level job in the curbside department. The company required employees under 18, which I was at the time, to work at the lower positions (curbie, bagger, cart retreival, etc). for a minimum of 3 months before being promoted. I was promoted to in-store shopper as soon as my 3 months had elapsed. I worked as a shopper for 3 more months before being promoted to specialist (part-time management) in March. The location I worked had a total of 80-110 personnel that I got to know. During one shift, I could be managing, delegating, training, and over-seeing anywhere from 30-50 employees. I worked in this management position for 7 months before starting my education at UH Manoa at the end of August 2023.

When I returned for winter and summer breaks, I returned to the specialist position in a seasonal capacity. During these periodic intermissions in my education, my primary manager would update me on the company, our location, our department performance, and the many changes in personnel. During these conversations, we would examine the time slot service graph for the day to ensure our department would not be overwhelmed by volume, analyzed and executed different future projections for our units, volume, and sales, and apply those projections to the schedule manager. In addition to these technical skills, I honed my communication skills with my managers in charge (higher-ups), my co-workers through task delegation, requests for product substitutions from other departments, and with customers both in-person and over the phone. Developing these relationships and spending time with everyone continued to advance my management skills. I had learned people’s tendencies, knew their skills and what areas they performed better in, and knew their general schedules after working with them for so long. I did not feel that I was bossing workers around but, rather, that I was guiding them, giving them tasks I knew they excelled at, and employing my understanding of their personalities and their limits.

Because I am expecting to graduate by the end of next summer, I have planned a few paths for myself. I could apply and receive a job opportunity somewhere in Texas in a management role. I could help my mom open and run some businesses she has line up right now. These include a golf apparel company, a parking garage (on Oahu), an 8-unit apartment complex (on Oahu), a car shop (in Austin, TX), and a dog grooming and boardidng business (in Austin, TX) to start. She has offered me CFO positions in each of these start-ups to help manage the cash flows and finances of the companies. The last path, which I have put the most thought into during my consideration is that I could return to HEB under the same primary manager who has become a close mentor and friend of mine. I know, under her, I have a full-time lead position waiting for me. I could bypass HEB's SORM (School of Retail Management) program as I will have received by BBA in Business Management and eventually move to become an ADM (Assistant Department Manager). From there, I would be promoted to secondary manager (hourly), secondary manager (salary), and hopefully, become a primary manager of my own curbside department somewhere in Texas. This process was done by my primary manager in 5 years, and I hope to follow that timeline closely.

## Challenges
Challenges I face have less to do with objectives that I have and much more to do with which path to take. Down each path, I have a fairly detailed idea of my trajectory, goals, and what I want to accomplish in the long-term. If I work in corporate, I will hope to live in a place I like and make advancements in my field. If I work as a partner with my mom, I will help build her businesses from the ground up and provide financial management. If I return to HEB, I have a steady journey through different management roles in a company I am already very familiar with. As I progress through finishing my degree, I will also get closer to the challenge of deciding which path is best for me. In between now and then, I will also experience events that will alter my decision. Each time I return to Texas, I spend more time with my mom, I continue to work at HEB, and I continue to develop relationships there that could lead to unknown opportunities.

## Action Plan
While I will not be making a definitive decision on which path I will take for my career in this memo, I can detail my plan of action for my eventual choice. I will take the paths I discussed in the career objectives section, paste them into a document, divide them and flesh out the timeline for each of them, and elaborate on what I want (goals) and how I want to achieve them (actions). Briefly, these actions involve moving back to Texas after finishing my BBA, finding a place to live in Austin (or where my job is), and having a discussion with my mom (if I choose to be her business partner), my primary manager at HEB (if I choose to accept her offer as a full-time lead), or with my new manager (if I receive a different job opportunity in the corporate world).

## AI & LLM Usage
No AI tools were used in preparing this memo.
